>> Welcome to session 605, Understanding Web
Accessibility for Building Better Websites.
My name is Faruk Ates I am a web centered
specialist on the Apple Online store.
Now, thank you.
Before I start can I please see how many of
you consider themselves software developers?
How many of you consider yourself web developers?
And how many of you consider yourself
a little bit of both, equal?
Right. So as you are all very much aware this is the first
WWDC where we have session syntax on web development.
Now this is not just a jump on the increasingly
large Web 2.0 bandwagon, though we will have to admit
to taking some of the right cues from that.
Now with Web 2.0 we mean desktop
like applications on the web.
As you can see here, this is the .Mac web new
interface, but it looks very much like your mail app
on the desktop and that's really what this is about.
Desktop like applications on the web.
They behave much like your desktop
applications, but they are web based.
Now this is because the web becoming
a bigger and bigger part of our lives.
It is becoming very integrated in our desktop
software but also in the real world itself.
You can see that...
you can imagine that sometime from now
we'll have contact sensitive ads driven
by the web on billboards along the highway.
I wonder why there's no phone number there.
Now this integration offers phenomenal potential
for all kinds of new and innovative ideas.
New in applications.
But in order to really take full advantage
of all these possibilities that are opening
up to us, it is important to be well prepared.
And what I'm going to show you today is that web
accessibility is the key to building a great website.
And I'll explain how you can prepare yourself
to be ready so you can take full advantage
of all these possibilities opening up to us, in
this rapidly evolving industry know as the web.
So what is web accessibility about?
Well, before we set out to discover what web
accessibility is, it is important to look
at what accessibility itself is all about.
So what is accessibility?
Well, when you set out to define accessibility,
you immediately encounter the biggest problem
surrounding the subject and the problem is
that accessibility is a very broad,
very vague, very hard to define concept.
However, Joe Clark, an accessibility consultant and author,
once said to me, and he may have put it best when he said,
accessibility is making allowances for that
which you can't change or can't change easily.
Now this gives us a great feel for what the essence of
accessibility is all about, but it's still pretty obscure.
It's not very pragmatic.
So then what is accessibility?
Well accessibility first and foremost is about people.
Accessibility really is about people with disabilities.
So then how many people are we talking about here?
Well, worldwide we're talking about
more than 600 million people.
600 million people in the world with
some kind of physical disability.
That's over 9% of our population.
But the percentage is even way higher
than that in first world countries.
In the United States, there's over
54 million people with a disability,
which is almost 1 in every 5 people in the country.
And first world countries report higher percentages
because they have better reporting available to them.
They have better amenities for
people to live with a disability.
So, people with a disability the numbers are very high.
So what types of disabilities are we talking about here.
Well there's four main types of physical disabilities.
The first one is visual impairment.
Someone is either blind, has partial sight, also
color blindness which effects 8% of all men.
What may seem like some nice set of
colors to you can be very hard to read
for someone with a specific color blindness.
There's also a dexterity impairment.
It may be difficult for someone to hold a mouse, or hold
the mouse steady enough to click on very small links.
Someone may not be able to hold the mouse at
all, and have to rely on keyboard navigation.
Or they may be so motor impaired that they have to use
voice commands to navigate your website, their computer.
There's also hearing impairment.
Now, you may think, well with all this text on the
web how does hearing impairment really have an effect?
Well we're getting into more and
more multimedia content on the web.
We are getting a large amount of podcast, lots of video
content, and if all that content isn't properly transcribed
or captioned, then people who can't
hear are locked out of the content.
This is becoming increasingly the case.
And then there's learning impairment.
And learning impairment is a very, very wide array
of possible disabilities, but one of them that I want
to highlight is the language of your website.
Now if you are building an English language website, someone
who is visiting it may not be a native English speaker.
And if you are using a lot of high level complex English
language in your site, someone who is not a native speaker,
may not be able to really comprehend
what your website is all about.
The same if you use a lot of jargon, a lot of slang,
abbreviations, or acronyms and you don't define these terms
that you are using then someone who is not
familiar with them may just give up and leave.
So that's physical disabilities, but
on the web, there's so much more to it.
On the web, you also deal with what are
called device specific disabilities.
Now these come in many, many flavors.
You have the choice of web browsers someone may
be using an older version of Internet Explorer,
someone may be on an old operating
system, can't even use a modern browser.
Browser settings also matter very much.
Whether certain features are disabled or enabled.
Certain plug-ins available or not available.
Also the screen resolution is very important.
Someone may have a lower resolution screen.
Not everyone is using nice widescreen displays.
People are still using very old monitors.
There's also the color calibration which matters.
Then you have internet connection speeds.
Someone who's on slower broadband or on dialup
will have to wait a long time before they can get
to your very graphic rich or media rich
website, and they may get frustrated and leave.
Internet connection speed is also
very important for mobile devices
which are typically on WiFi or much lower network than that.
And mobile devices have a lot of different things
that you have to take into account as well.
They have a smaller screen.
They only have a few buttons as input method
and they are a completely different environment
and you still want your website to be
accessible on these, all these devices.
And that's just a few examples.
There's so much more out there.
So, we have the moral reasons.
It's the right thing to do.
It's the right thing to be accessible.
You have the business reasons.
You don't want to lock out all these, all these people,
you don't want to lock out all these potential customers.
And then there's government legislations.
A lot of countries, especially
first world countries these days,
have a lot of government legislation
that force you almost to be accessible.
Now there's the EU Charter of Fundamental Rights in Europe.
They also have the EuroAccessibility Consortium.
There is the Disabilities Discrimination
Act in Australia and the United Kingdom.
UK also has SENDA, the Special
Educational Needs and Disability Act.
Canada has a great government online initiative.
Japan has a fantastic Digital 21 Strategy.
!
And then the United States has, there's a few,
there's the Americans with Disabilities Act,
which last year has set a precedent where
this applies to retailers of any kind.
It's not just brick and mortar retailers where
this is relevant it's also online retailers.
So if you sell something on your website then you are liable
if you are not accessible by this act and then there is one
that most of you are probably familiar
with and that is Section 508.
So, there is all this government legislation
in the world now if you want to learn more
about what your government is doing with
legislation on web accessibility or what kind
of initiatives they are offering then you can go to
www.webaim.org and you can look up your country and you find
out all the things specific to your country.
So we have these reasons to be accessible, we have the moral
reason, the business reason, and the government reason.
Well how do you make your website accessible?
Oh, we have here an accessibility cocktail.
And if you have no physical disabilities and you
have a modern computer, modern operating system,
using a modern web browser, your
accessibility cocktail is a full glass.
You have full access to all the content.
But if you have a physical disability or you're stuck
on an older system, you're going to an internet cafe
and you are using an older browser, then your
accessibility cocktail can be an empty glass.
You have no access, you can't access the content.
So how do you make this a full glass for everyone?
Well you start by changing the
way you think about your website.
Now we mentioned Web 2.0 at the beginning of this and this
is a phenomenon that has been going for the last few years.
It has become very big, now there's also another phenomenon
that has been going on at the same time and that's podcast.
Podcasts have become incredibly popular.
Who here listens to at least one podcast a day?
Not that many.
Who here reads blogs?
Who here has more than a hundred blogs in their newsreader?
Well if you read a lot of blogs, you may not
be using podcasts much, but if you read blogs,
which you probably do at work or in class, then you may find
yourself wanting to get access to this content as a podcast
so you can listen to this content on your
daily commute or whenever you feel like it.
And you don't have to spend time reading it
you can just listen to all this blog content.
Well if you think of your website as a podcast, you get
this completely different way of thinking about the website.
You get this new approach, and if you start by that, you
think well how would I think of my website as a podcast?
Well, really what it means is your
website is going to be read out to you
and the only thing you can control is what you hear back,
of course there is video podcast, but we don't want you,
you know, watching a video podcast while you drive to work.
So we have this way of thinking as
a podcast and you want your website,
when it gets read out to you, you want it to make sense.
You want to know that, well you want your website to
tell you this is the list that I am approaching now.
Now imagine that you're using a tool to
listen to this podcast and you have a button
that says well anytime I encounter a link and
I want to follow that link I click this button
so you can navigate your website just by
clicking a button whenever you encounter a link.
Well, if you navigate your podcast that way, your website
has a podcast you still want to know what everything means.
You want to encounter well this is a heading; you
want your site to read out to you this is a list.
So you want to make sure that you can actually
get all that content back to you as a podcast.
This is a great way to start thinking
about web accessibility.
You just get into this completely different
mindset about how to make an accessible website.
So we want to make this a full glass for everyone.
Well how do you that?
There are three pillars of web development basically,
three pillars and you want them to be done well
and these three pillars are your content, all
the data that you want to present to the user,
all the things all the information on your website.
You have the presentation.
This is how you present it to your users, whether
it is as speech or just visually in a brochure.
And you have your interactivity, your behavior.
Now how do you make an accessible
website with these where you want
to separate your content, your
presentation, and your behavior?
And when you do you that you build them separately.
You build content using semantic markup, that's your HTML.
Then you want to create your presentation using cascading
style sheets, your CSS, and then you want to add a layer
of behavior to it and for that you
want to use progressive enhancements.
That's your Java script.
And you want to separate these, well what
does that really mean, the separation?
Basically it means that you take
this and you turn it into this.
You take your mixed code and you separate it into
clean markup, clean CSS, and clean Java script.
So you want to separate your content presentation
and behavior, what do you get out of that?
You get the benefit of file caching.
If you have your contents separated into separate
files, then all these external files they are cached
in the browser, they are downloaded only once by
the browser, and then retrieved from the cache
so the user doesn't have to constantly
download everything on every page,
this gives you the benefit of much smaller page sizes.
Now this has two direct benefits - one for the user, the
user has to download less so they get to your page faster,
they get a better user experience out of your website.
For you it means, lower traffic costs
and this can be pretty significant.
A few years ago espn.com did a
complete redesign of their website.
They took their entire website and they changed it to be
built with separated content presentation and behavior.
As a result, their website every page
was about 50 kilobytes smaller every page
and at the time they served over
40 million page views a day.
So the bandwidth savings they got out of that
were 2 terabytes a day, 61 terabytes a month,
or 730 terabytes of bandwidth a
year and that's a lot of savings.
So the bigger and more popular your website
is the more these savings really add up.
So you get these benefits.
You also get the benefit of increased reusability of code.
With separation, your code becomes more usable and reusable.
You can more easily include the same elements of a
design, the same elements of a page in another page
because it is all separated, you can
reuse your codes in many more ways.
You'll also get great maintenance benefits.
When everything is separated and you need to make a
change somewhere to the visual design or to the behavior,
you only have one location or you have
one file where you have to make a change
so your maintainability becomes so much better.
It is so much easier to maintain your website along the way.
And this also helps to future proof your
website, well how does that really work?
Any time a new device comes out in the future, a
completely new device, something new that we don't know yet,
something new we haven't encountered yet, but it has
a capability of browsing the web, then you may find
that it doesn't work as well with your website.
Your website doesn't render right or any new device that
comes out as of today has to support at least a baseline
of standards, and this baseline
of standards that is supported
by all current browsers, all modern browsers, have the
same baseline and any new device has to support at least
that baseline if it wants to survive in the market.
Now it may extend the features, it may add or offer more
functionality than a regular device or a regular browser,
but it has to support at least its
baseline of standards and because of that,
if you have your code cleanly separated, then you can much
more easily add another little file or another piece of code
to add compatibility with this new device.
So it helps to future proof your website; makes it much
easier to accommodate new devices that are yet to come out.
So how does that look like in code?
Well this is a code example for, you
may have seen this in the past a table
of navigation, just a horizontal navigation menu.
Well what do we have here?
We have a table element with some table rows and table cells
for something that's not tabular
data at all, it is a navigation list.
We have a link that doesn't point anywhere.
If I middle click or command click on this link, I
end up on the exact same page, I am not sent anywhere,
but also if a user with assistive technologies
encounters this link then they are going
to have difficulty following it
because it doesn't point anywhere.
We have some inline Java script to expand the menu,
inline behavior here in the middle
of our content to expand some menu.
And we have a font element to add a little
increase in the size and add a color.
We have a presentational image to show some arrow
down to say, 'Hey there's an expand menu feature here'
and it's right there in the middle of our content.
This also, this example doesn't
have an alt tribute so this image,
when a screen reader encounters this image,
it will read out the source of tribute.
Now the only thing in this entire
example that is actually content is this.
That's our content.
So how do we take this example and
separate it and make it more accessible?
Well we start with a content.
We separate it and this is a navigation list so
we use an unordered list elements and list items.
We see our content our little link
there, actually pointing somewhere.
Then we want to add a layer of presentation with CSS so
we target it and say well we give it a bigger font size,
we give it some color, and we add that little
background image because it is a presentational image.
It's not content.
Then on top of that we add some behavior,
we use dom level 2 EventListener to
listen to a click on this link and
if we find it, we expand this menu.
So that's our way of making that table, that horizontal
table and turn it into a more accessible content
with presentation and behavior cleanly separated.
So we get to our accessibility cocktail and
we see these three pillars of web development
and we want to start off by using semantic markup.
You want to use semantic markup when you do your HTML.
Now what do you get out of that?
Do you get cleaner code?
When you, the more semantically rich
your code is, the cleaner it is.
You don't get stuck using presentational elements in there
or behavior elements in there, so you just have very rich
but very clean code surrounding
and structuring your content.
This cleaner code is of course much easier to deal with and
the purpose of semantic markup is not so that you can stuff
as much semantics in there, but so that you or
someone else or someone with an assistive technology
or search engine can get semantic data out of your page.
Someone who is using assistive technology or a
search engine, when they go through your site,
they don't see your site, they only read your code.
They read your markup and you want them to know well
this is a list and you want them to be able to convey
that information back to the user so you
want your, the more semantic your code is,
the easier it becomes for assistive
technology but also search engines
to discover what your content is all about,
what kind of meaning it has, what it is.
This gives you improved search engine optimization because
the easier for assistive technologies it is to make sense
of your data, the easier it is for a search engine.
Now this search engine optimization can be very interesting.
A friend of mine Mike Davidson once did not a very
scientific test, but it was a great example of how this,
how semantic markup can affect your search engine
optimization and he called it the roundabout SEO test.
He created five test cases of three pages each and
they were all varying in markup, varying in semantics,
varying in whether it was a valid code at all.
He used some old methods in some test cases.
He used very clean and rich semantic markup in
the others and he put just keyword in all of them
and the keyword was something that
Google had never heard of.
It was loadafizzle.
It was the nickname of a coworker of his.
And he created these 15 test cases and after a while he
put them on a sub domain and let Google know about it.
Then after a while he searched for it and
what he discovered was that the more valid
and the more semantically rich the pages he created
was, the higher up it was in the search results.
So he discovered also that keyword placement whether it
is at the top or the bottom of the page didn't matter,
it really mattered whether it was in a semantically
meaningful element, regardless of its position.
Now, we can take this, well it helps your search
engine optimization, but it is not a magic bullet
and you don't want to go overboard with
it to try and trick search engines.
You don't, I've seen people who have taken H1 element, at
the most high level heading and put 800 keywords in there
and then used some CSS to hide it from the browser.
They got pretty high up in their search results for a little
while and then they got shortlisted never to be seen again.
So you don't want to trick a search engine you want
to use semantic markup because you really should
and the more correct and accurate you
use it, the better your results will be.
It will help.
It is not a magic bullet, but it will help.
And this helps increase your accessibility.
So you see our cocktail glass is getting a little
fuller and we get some more access to the content.
Now after you've built your semantic markup, you want to
use cascading style sheets to give it a nice presentation.
So cascading style sheets, well, the best example of what
you get with cascading style sheets is the CSS Zen Garden,
and you've probably already heard of it, seen it, but
for those of who may not have, the CSS Zen Garden,
is an example created a few years ago to showcase the power
of CSS and it is to this day still the very best example.
And what you get with the CSS Zen Garden is one single html
file, one single page with the same content but there is
over 700 hundred unique designs for it and the only
thing different in all of these designs is a CSS file
that is included, and these are just ten samples, but
you can see how incredible diverse the designs can get.
But it is all the same exact content.
So you get CSS Zen Garden style flexibility, great power.
It makes it so much easier to redesign and rebrand your
website whether you want to make some small changes to it
or whether you want to do a complete overhaul
of your website, CSS makes it so much easier,
you can hook up into your semantic mark up and
do whatever you want with your presentation.
You can go in any direction now this doesn't mean you don't
have to touch your mark up at all like this CSS Zen Garden,
but you don't necessarily have to adjust your
mark up to make any changes in the design.
So it is much easier to redesign or rebrand your website.
Now when people start using CSS to build their
websites they often stick to their old methods
and they use the same methodology in building a website
as they did before with presentational mark up and having
to put font tags everywhere but you really want to remember
to leverage the C in CSS, it's a cascading style sheets
and you also don't want to fall prey to diff
class and ID overkill and what do I mean by that?
Well we'll go through a little example,
this is what I have seen people do a lot
and they would just repeat their code examples,
repeat their code over and over again for everything
but with CSS the only thing you really have to do, you
can leverage the C in CSS and just specify everywhere
where you have different styling and
the rest will just cascade through.
So you want to cascade around and this is also something
I see a lot of people do when they first switch to CSS
and they'll use a dif for everything and
just hook up IDs in classes for styling.
Well if you find yourself doing this these are tip offs.
We have perfectly rich semantic elements for this, so
you'll want to use a H1 instead of a dif ideas heading.
You'll want to use paragraph elements for paragraphs,
you'll want to use list elements for lists and last items
so you'll want to remember your semantic mark up
and all this will help increase accessibility again.
Our cocktail goes a little further
up, but there are caveats.
With so much power and control over your website it's
possible to make it less accessible, so you really want
to know what you are doing when you're going
when you are using very sophisticated CSS.
Next you want to use progressive enhancements.
So we have our semantic layer, our content grade
very accessible, we have given it some styling,
some presentation with CSS and now we want to add behavior.
Progressive enhancements is an approach to doing this that
basically says you want to think of your website in layers.
You are building a layered set of, you
are doing a layered build up of pages.
So you start off with just a base layer of
semantic mark up, fairly accessible content
and after that when you add another layer
on top of that the presentation you want
to make sure that you don't break accessibility.
So you start with a accessible layer and
as you add layers on top of it you want
to make sure you don't break accessibility on the
layers below, that's progressive enhancements really
and after you add your presentational layer
you add the behavioral layer of interactivity.
Now this interactivity especially with
web applications is very significant.
On a regular informational website
you don't need as much interactivity,
but for web applications its all about interactivity.
When you build this layer...
when you use this layer buildup of pages
approach, you retain all the benefits you get
out of semantic markup and cascading style feeds.
You get these all these benefits mentioned before
and you retain them as you add more layers.
It can add multiple layers of interactivity.
The more sophisticated the device
is the more layers you can add.
Now this helps accessibility a lot.
Specially with web applications, this can make or
break the accessibility of your application entirely.
So progressive enhancements, they are a lot of work
but they really help increase accessibility a lot.
And it is a lot of work to add layers, and layers and
layers, but as you go and more experience with using,
with just starting off with semantic markup, and just
base layer, very accessible content and then add the layer
of presentation, you'll also get a lot of
benefits like, greater understanding and control
of your website when you add interactivity.
When you add the behavior.
So we have our three pillars and now
we have a full accessibility class.
Full cocktail class, and our content is fully accessible to
everyone, regardless whether they have a physical disability
or a device specific disability like
an older system, or a mobile device.
So we've been looking at this as adding
semantics helps increase accessibility.
Using CSS helps increase accessibility.
Using progressive enhancements, helps accessibility.
But if you remember from the start,
accessibility is this broad concept.
Very vague and these are all very concrete tangible results.
So its kind of a backwards way of thinking about this.
This is a backwards way of saying, oh we have
these results, and they lead to this vague concept.
So, what you'll find is that accessibility
actually leads to all these benefits.
If you start off from an accessibility conscious base
line, you will automatically end up using semantic markup.
You will automatically find yourself
using cascading style sheets
and you'll automatically use progressive enhancements.
And you'll get all the benefits that we've discussed.
You get all these benefits starting
from accessibility and just building up.
So how do you become accessibility conscious?
Well, its really a state of mind to begin with.
And you want to think inside the box, outside
the box, below the box or through the box.
Really just think in very different ways
about how people can access your website.
How people can navigate your website.
How they can access the content on your website.
You really want to think in ways beyond your usual ones.
So you can for instance think of
turning your monitor off and trying
to navigate your own website using a screen reader.
And just trying to use the keyboard to just
navigate your website without seeing it.
You can see it of course.
You are not blind but you can turn
your monitor off and simulate it
and we'll get all this information,
how to actually navigate your website.
Now you also want to be mindful of your own frustrations.
When you're on a website and you find yourself
using it a lot, but there's a few things
that frustrate you and they get in your way.
They make it more difficult to use the website.
More difficult to navigate, then these frustrations
are often an accessibility concern as well.
At the very least they are a usability issue.
But very often these are also an accessibility issues.
So if you look into them, you have a
frustration, you can look into them.
And you can discover some kind of accessibility related
issue, you can make sure you don't repeat that mistake
and don't have that same issue on your website.
So whenever you're frustrated with
something on the web, you can look into it
and discover some lesson about accessibility.
And the biggest thing is not to fear the complexity.
Its very easy to come out of a presentation like this, or
read an accessibility book, and find yourself going, wow,
this is overwhelming, this is very difficult.
How do I really get into being accessible for all these devices?
All these various physical disabilities?
But it's really not that difficult.
If you start by separating your content presentation and
behavior, and if you just use semantic markup as much
as possible, then you're going to
have a very accessible website.
And really the use of progressive
enhancements will have the biggest impact
on your accessibility, specially with web applications.
And, but it's really not that difficult.
It is complex to be fully accessible, but
there's no such thing as fully accessible.
You can never be really fully accessible,
you can only be as accessible as possible.
And there's always trade offs to be made
when you are dealing with web accessibility.
But the good base line of accessibility is pretty
easy to accomplish and it really just starts
with separating your content, your
presentation, and your behavior.
There are also tools to help you with this.
There are a lot of tools to help
you make your website accessible.
Your government will probably have, in its
legislation there are tools available to you.
There are checklists that you can use to go through
your website and see well this is accessible,
this is accessible, oh I'm not doing this.
Well, it will tell you how to fix it.
There are tools like extensions for Firefox that
will let you simulate the use of a screen reader.
You have these methods.
There's all kinds of tools available.
And W3C, the World Wide Web Consortium,
also offers accessibility guidelines.
They have a web accessibility initiative
which produces three important guidelines.
The first is the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines.
If you're building a website, you're writing markup, you're
creating content or you're just creating a little bit
of content for use on a large website, then
you're building web content and you want
to read the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines.
If you're building software, whether its web based software
or desktop software and this software has the ability
to export content to the web, whether
it's CMS, College Management System,
that is build to create content for the web.
Or a tool like Photoshop, or word or pages that
has the ability to export content to the web,
then you're building an authoring tool and you want
to use the Authoring Tool Accessibility Guidelines.
Now there's also the User Agent Accessibility Guidelines
which is for every browser but also for any piece
of software, again, web based or desktop software or
any kind of device that has the ability to read content
from the web and interact with
content from the web, is a user agent.
So in that case, if you want to, if you are
building or working on a product like that,
you want to use the User Agent Accessibility Guidelines.
So you have all these tools available to you.
You have...
There's a lot of checklists that you can use to
really just quickly go through and learn so much
about web accessibility related to your website.
There's one more thing...always wanted to say that.
We have the iPhone and when you're designing
AJAX web applications for the iPhone,
web accessibility is again a very
big part of this and it really,
the good design practices overlap
with web accessibility in many ways.
So if you're developing or designing an application
for the iPhone of web application for the iPhone,
then all this stuff about web accessibility
that I just talked about,
applies just as much if not more
so, to development for the iPhone.
So you want to use good design practices.
If you want to think about using the column
layout, so that when someone double taps
on an iPhone then they can easily
get to a column of your content.
You want to remember size matters.
It's a small device and page sizes are important
specifically because it is not connected to broadband.
It's a mobile device and it doesn't always have
high speed broadband or connection available.
So page sizes really matter as well.
If you want to media queries for CSS, and optimizing for
the iPhone means, remembering that it has a small viewport,
people can double tap this, they can double tap on any
part of it, they can scroll around using their finger.
There's automatic text size adjustment
and you want to be ready for that.
When you zoom in on a page of, on
part of the page on the iPhone,
it will adjust the text size and
make it as readable as possible.
And there's lot of things about events.
If you're using a lot of Java script, you
are used to a lot of dumb events that may
or may not be available, or exist at all on the iPhone.
There's no mouse to click with.
There's a tap.
There's a lot of things about even
that you want to keep in mind.
And again media, it supports streaming
media like it supports QuickTime.
And you want to be ready for that and you want to learn
about how you can make sure that it works properly.
That it doesn't conflict in anyway on the iPhone.
Then after that, if you want more information,
we have Mark Malone our internet technology's
evangelist, and you can contact him.
We have some links here and these will
also be on the WWDC website for attendees.
So you can always come back to them.
This is for iPhone and media specific development you want
to contact Allan Schaffer if you want to deal with that.
Again these links will also be on the website later on.